great big Smithfield you know
confinement factory and the thing and
you can walk through without a gas mask
because the ammonia is so powerful it
will actually overwhelm you and knock
you over so it's it's a real different
different situation how do you keep from
tipping on each other than your baby
well they actually have a lot to do in
there we give them hay every day and so
they have a lot they eat on it they
screw it around they dig in there with
the bedding they can root so so they
have a lot of things to occupy them so
they're not bored in the industry you
know they have a lot of cannibalism
that's why they dr. tales and you know
cut the teeth out and stuff because
because they they're bored and so they
start attacking each other because
they're bored yeah how we doing how many
more the pigs the pigs are generally
eight months that'd be two months till
they're weaned they wean them about two
months and then we keep them for about
six months
we do not Farrow here we buy piggies
from some growers in the area that have
kind of backyard operations and then we
raise them up to slaughter so we only
have about six months they come to us at
least two months old then we keep them
another six what about the chickens the
same thing the chickens these check the
chickens the layers we keep for two
years is their productive life and at
the end of two years then we dress them
and sell them us doing hands very very
rich chefs love a mom trying to think
you know chef Angelo and IBM chefs love
them because of the richness of that of
the stock because the old the old bird
makes a richer stock how are we doing
there we almost done
let's our survival rate just a couple of
doing anybody gets uh get you well yeah